OSDOCS-21049: Update WIF permission docs for Milestone-2 least-privilege changes (#117548)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/ccs-gcp-iam.adoc

|DNS Administrator
|`roles/dns.admin`

> |Provides read/write access to all Cloud DNS resources.

Reviewer: I don't think we want to use `/` 

Could we simply say we provide both in this update? 

```suggestion
|Provides read and write access to all Cloud DNS resources.
```

[NOTE]
====

> * For information regarding the roles within the `sd-sre-platform-gcp-access` group that are specific to clusters created when using the Workload Identity Federation (WIF) authentication type, see link:https://github.com/openshift/managed-cluster-config/blob/master/resources/wif/4.22/vanilla.yaml[managed-cluster-config].

Reviewer: Kind of long. Maybe user focused would help make it more "action" and easier to read? 

Is it appropriate to say that the user created these clusters like I've rewritten here?

```suggestion
* For information regarding the roles within the `sd-sre-platform-gcp-access` group that are specific to the clusters that you created with the Workload Identity Federation (WIF) authentication type, see link:https://github.com/openshift/managed-cluster-config/blob/master/resources/wif/4.22/vanilla.yaml[managed-cluster-config].
```

|Tech Support Editor
|`roles/cloudsupport.techSupportEditor`

> |Provides full read/write access to technical support cases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Provides full read and write access to technical support cases.
```
